Remove "as default" from DogStatsD How it works (#13397)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/developers/dogstatsd/_index.md

{{< img src="metrics/dogstatsd_metrics_submission/dogstatsd.png" alt="dogstatsd"   >}}

> As it receives data, DogStatsD aggregates multiple data points for each unique metric into a single data point over a period of time called _the flush interval_ (ten seconds).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As it receives data, DogStatsD aggregates multiple data points for each unique metric into a single data point over a period of time called _the flush interval_. DogStatsD uses a flush interval of 10 seconds.
```
